---
layout: post
title: "Title of this page(HOMEWORK)"
---

Homework

Article
Talk
Read
View source
View history

Tools
Appearance hide
Text

Small

Standard

Large
Width

Standard

Wide
Color (beta)

Automatic

Light

Dark
Page semi-protected
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Homework (disambiguation).

A person doing geometry homework

Children doing homework on the street, Tel Aviv, 1954
Homework is a set of tasks assigned to students by their teachers to be completed at home. Common homework assignments may include required reading, a writing or typing project, mathematical exercises to be completed, information to be reviewed before a test, or other skills to be practiced.

The benefits of homework are debated. Generally speaking, homework does not improve academic performance among young children. Homework may improve academic skills among older students, especially lower-achieving students. It is also believed it creates stress on students and parents, and reduces the amount of time that students can spend in other important activities. Hence, emphasis should be not on how long students spend on the homework but on what they gain through the practice. It can be useful to help students develop their self-regulation skills.[1]

Cultivating self-regulation skills is vital for individuals to become lifelong learners and sustain their growth over time. While developing these skills may require dedication and patience, the long-term benefits can make it worthwhile to some.[2]
